doc: correct the csi driver deployment of rancher integration (#309)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/csi-driver.md

![select-harvester-cloud-provider](/img/v1.2/rancher/rke2-cloud-provider.png)

> Suppose you would like to deploy the Harvester CSI driver without the cloud provider manually. You could create the Kubernetes cluster with RKE2 node driver with the default cloud provider (in v2.6, and the previous version is `None`).

Reviewer: is `v2.6` referring to the Rancher version?

Author: Yes!
Thanks @guangbochen, @vickyhella for helping it more clear.

> Suppose you would like to deploy the Harvester CSI driver without the cloud provider manually. You could create the Kubernetes cluster with RKE2 node driver with the default cloud provider (in v2.6, and the previous version is `None`).

Author: Hi @vickyhella, @guangbochen.
Yes, I mean the rancher version 2.6.
Thanks for pointing it to clarify.

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/non-harvester-cloud-provider.png)

Then, perform the following steps to deploy the Harvester CSI Driver manually.
#### Prerequisites

The script uses `kubectl` and `jq` to operate the Harvester cluster. The script needs access to the `Harvester Cluster` kubeconfig to work. The `<serviceaccount name>` is usually your guest cluster name, and the `<namespace>` needs to match the namespace of the guest cluster. Referring to the following figure. The cluster name is the `<serviceaccount name>`, and the namespace is the `<namespace>`.

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/creating_guest_cluster.png)

- Install `jq`:

    ```
    # apt install jq
    ```

> - Set up `kubectl` and the kubeconfig file (the kubeconfig should be allow you to access the `Harvester Cluster`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set up `kubectl` and the kubeconfig file (kubeconfig should allow you to access the `Harvester Cluster`):
```

Reviewer 2: not sure if it means `kubeconfig should allow you to access` or `kubeconfig should be allowed to access`.

    ```
    # export KUBECONFIG=kubeconfig
    # export PATH="${PATH}:/var/lib/rancher/rke2/bin"
    ```

#### Deploy Harvester CSI Driver

> 1. Generate cloud-config

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Generate cloud-config.
```

>     You can generate the kubeconfig file using the [generate_cloud_provider_config.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver/master/deploy/generate_cloud_provider_config.sh) script. It is available on the [harvester/harvester-csi-driver](https://github.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver) repo. You will get the cloud-config and cloud-init data as the following. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can generate the kubeconfig file using the [generate_cloud_provider_config.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver/master/deploy/generate_cloud_provider_config.sh) script. It is available on the [harvester/harvester-csi-driver](https://github.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver) repo. You can follow the steps below to get the cloud-config and cloud-init data:
```

   ```
   # ./generate_cloud_provider_config.sh <serviceaccount name> <namespace>
   ```

    ```
    ########## cloud-config ############
    apiVersion: v1
    clusters:
    - cluster: <token>
        server: https://<YOUR HOST HARVESTER VIP>:6443
      name: default
    contexts:
    - context:
        cluster: default
        namespace: default
        user: rke2-guest-01-default-default
      name: rke2-guest-01-default-default
    current-context: rke2-guest-01-default-default
    kind: Config
    preferences: {}
    users:
    - name: rke2-guest-01-default-default
      user:
        token: <token>
    
    ########## cloud-init user data ############
    write_files:
    - encoding: b64
      content: <content>
      owner: root:root
      path: /etc/kubernetes/cloud-config
      permissions: '0644'
    ```
    

>     If you already deploy the **cloud-provider**, you do not need to update the cloud-init user data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you‘ve already deployed the **cloud-provider**, you do not need to update the cloud-init user data.
```

> 2. Setup cloud-provider-config

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Set up cloud-provider-config.
```

>     Create the config-files directory and add the cloud-provider-config file from the output above (Only need the cloud-config part).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Create the config-files directory and add the cloud-provider-config file from the output above (only the cloud-config part).
```

    ```
    # mkdir -p /var/lib/rancher/rke2/etc/config-files
    # vim /var/lib/rancher/rke2/etc/config-files/cloud-provider-config
    ```

3. Install Harvester CSI Driver.

    Install `Harvester CSI Driver` from the Rancher marketplace. You do not need to change the cloud-config path.
  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/install_csi_rancher_marketplace.png)

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/donot_change_cloud_config_path.png)

The Harvester CSI driver should now be deployed successfully.

### Deploying with Harvester K3s Node Driver

#### Prerequisites

> The script uses `kubectl` and `jq` to operate the Harvester cluster. The script needs access to the `Harvester Cluster` kubeconfig to work. The `<serviceaccount name>` is usually your guest cluster name, and the `<namespace>` needs to match the namespace of the guest cluster. Referring to the following figure. The cluster name is the `<serviceaccount name>`, and the namespace is the `<namespace>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script uses `kubectl` and `jq` to operate the Harvester cluster. The script needs access to the `Harvester Cluster` kubeconfig to work. `<serviceaccount name>` is usually your guest cluster name (the value of `Cluster Name` in the figure below), and `<namespace>` needs to match the namespace (the value of `Namespace`) of the guest cluster.
```

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/creating_guest_cluster.png)

- Install `jq`:
    ```
    # apt install jq
    ```

> - Set the kubeconfig file (the kubeconfig should be allow you to access the `Harvester Cluster`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the kubeconfig file (the kubeconfig should allow you to access the `Harvester Cluster`):
```

    ```
    # export KUBECONFIG=kubeconfig
    ```

> Then you could follow the steps on the CSI driver deployment of the RKE2 [part](./csi-driver.md#deploy-harvester-csi-driver).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After this, follow the [Deploy Harvester CSI Driver](./csi-driver.md#deploy-harvester-csi-driver) steps described in the RKE2 section.
```

![select-harvester-cloud-provider](/img/v1.2/rancher/rke2-cloud-provider.png)

If you want to deploy the Harvester CSI driver, but don't want to select the `Harvester` cloud provider, select `Default - RKE2 Embeded` in the `Cloud Provider` field (if you are using Rancher v2.6, select `None`).

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/non-harvester-cloud-provider.png)

> Then, perform the following steps to deploy the Harvester CSI Driver manually.

Reviewer: and this is placed after the Prerequisites

   ```
   # ./generate_addon_csi.sh <serviceaccount name> <namespace> RKE2
   ```

    ```
    ########## cloud-config ############
    apiVersion: v1
    clusters:
    - cluster: <token>
        server: https://<YOUR HOST HARVESTER VIP>:6443
      name: default
    contexts:
    - context:
        cluster: default
        namespace: default
        user: rke2-guest-01-default-default
      name: rke2-guest-01-default-default
    current-context: rke2-guest-01-default-default
    kind: Config
    preferences: {}
    users:
    - name: rke2-guest-01-default-default
      user:
        token: <token>
    
    ########## cloud-init user data ############
    write_files:
    - encoding: b64
      content: <content>
      owner: root:root
      path: /etc/kubernetes/cloud-config
      permissions: '0644'
    ```
    

>     If you‘ve already deployed the **cloud-provider**, you do not need to update the cloud-init user data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you've already deployed the **cloud-provider**, you do not need to update the cloud-init user data.
```

2. Set up cloud-provider-config.

    Create the config-files directory and add the cloud-provider-config file from the output above (only the cloud-config part).

    ```
    # mkdir -p /var/lib/rancher/rke2/etc/config-files
    # vim /var/lib/rancher/rke2/etc/config-files/cloud-provider-config

>     ```

Reviewer: merge with step1 via using the `cloud-init` config.

3. Install Harvester CSI Driver.

    Install `Harvester CSI Driver` from the Rancher marketplace. You do not need to change the cloud-config path.
  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/install_csi_rancher_marketplace.png)

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/donot_change_cloud_config_path.png)

> The Harvester CSI driver should now be deployed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By following the above steps, you should be able to see those CSI driver pods are up and running, and you can verify it by provisioning a new PVC using the default storageClass `harvester.`.
```
<img width="2215" alt="image" src="https://github.com/harvester/docs/assets/4569037/2c5397be-4c7f-47cb-b2fd-4f64b1c0e553">

### Deploying with Harvester K3s Node Driver

#### Prerequisites

The script uses `kubectl` and `jq` to operate the Harvester cluster. The script needs access to the `Harvester Cluster` kubeconfig to work. `<serviceaccount name>` is usually your guest cluster name (the value of `Cluster Name` in the figure below), and `<namespace>` needs to match the namespace (the value of `Namespace`) of the guest cluster.

> ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/creating_guest_cluster.png)

Reviewer: I think u can just link to the RKE2 section instead of repeating the steps.

After this, follow the [Deploy Harvester CSI Driver](./csi-driver.md#deploy-harvester-csi-driver) steps described in the RKE2 section.

> Only the difference is that we need to change the script usage like follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only difference is that you need to change the script command as follows:
```
